Docs 6471 cache consumable v4.3 cv (#1568)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/cache-scope.adoc

The Cache scope is for storing and reusing frequently called data. You can use a Cache scope to reduce the processing load on the Mule instance and to increase the speed of message processing within a flow. It is particularly effective for these tasks:

* Processing repeated requests for the same information.

> * Processing requests for information that involve large repeatable streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Processing requests for information that involve large repeatable streams.
```

== Caching Process

> The Cache scope only caches repeatable streams, it does not cache non-repeatable streams which can only be read once before they are lost. By default, all streams are repeatable in Mule unless a component's streaming strategy is configured to non-repeatable.

Reviewer: "only" typically resides after the verb and before its object:
```suggestion
The Cache scope caches repeatable streams. It does not cache nonrepeatable streams, which can be read only once before they are lost. By default, all streams are repeatable in Mule unless a component's streaming strategy is configured to be nonrepeatable.
```

In general, the caching process follows this sequence:

. A message enters the Cache scope.

> . Cache scope determines whether the message payload is non-repeatable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The Cache scope determines whether the message payload is nonrepeatable.
```

+
* If there is no cached response event (a _cache miss_), the Cache scope processes the new message and produces a response.
+
It also saves the resulting response in the object store (if the response is repeatable).
+
* If there is a cached response event (a _cache hit_), the Caching Strategy generates a response that combines data from both the new request and the cached response.
+

> Note that if the generated response is a non-repeatable stream, the scope does not cache the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if the generated response is a nonrepeatable stream, the scope does not cache the response.
```
